README.md, before:

# Capture The Flag
###### By [Alex Krantz](https://github.com/akrantz01) and [Kai Fronsdal](https://github.com/kaifronsdal)

## Description
A continuous multiplayer capture the flag game built with [BabylonJS](https://github.com/BabylonJS/Babylon.js) and [Golang](https://golang.org). BabylonJS is the rendering engine and physics stimulator we are using. The multiplayer server is written in Golang and loosely based off of another project called [MMOS](https://github.com/akrantz01/mmos).

## Running It
### On Heroku
Coming soon...

### On Self-Hosted
* Download a server binary from the [releases](https://github.com/akrantz01/capture-the-flag/releases) tab
  * The naming scheme is: `capture-the-flag.[OS].[arch]`
  * For Windows 64-bit, this would be: `capture-the-flag.win.amd64.exe`
* Also download the game files called `game.zip`
* Create a new folder and move `game.zip` and the server binary into it
* Unzip `game.zip` in that directory
* Find the folder named `public` and make sure it is at the same level as the server binary
* Run the server binary
    * You will most likely want to run it with the arguments `--host 0.0.0.0 --port 8080`
    * See below for the server arguments
* Navigate to your server's IP address

## Server Configuration
There are two separate ways that you need to configure the server: command line arguments and environment variables.

### Command Line Arguments
| Flag    | Default   | Purpose                  |
|---------|-----------|--------------------------|
| --host  | 127.0.0.1 | The address to listen on |
| --port  | 8080      | The port to listen on    |
| --debug | false     | Enable debugging         |

### Environment Variables

| Environment Variable | Required | Purpose                                |
|----------------------|----------|----------------------------------------|
| DB_USERNAME          | Yes      | Username for logging into the database |
| DB_PASSWORD          | Yes      | Password for logging into the database |
| DB_DATABASE          | Yes      | Database name within PostgreSQL server |
| DB_HOST              | Yes      | IP/FQDN to access the server at        |
| DB_PORT              | Yes      | Port of the PostgreSQL server          |

## Disclaimer
Please keep in mind that we are both juniors in high school which means that we won't be able to provide much support and game updates will come fairly infrequently.

Commit message:

Update deployment and configuration information

README.md, after:

# Capture The Flag
###### By [Alex Krantz](https://github.com/akrantz01) and [Kai Fronsdal](https://github.com/kaifronsdal)

## Description
A continuous multiplayer capture the flag game built with [BabylonJS](https://github.com/BabylonJS/Babylon.js) and [Golang](https://golang.org). BabylonJS is the rendering engine and physics stimulator we are using. The multiplayer server is written in Golang and loosely based off of another project called [MMOS](https://github.com/akrantz01/mmos).

## Running It
### Deployment Script
In the `deployment` branch, you can use the tool to automatically provision the server and configure it completely. 

### On Self-Hosted
* Download a server binary from the [releases](https://github.com/akrantz01/capture-the-flag/releases) tab
  * The naming scheme is: `capture-the-flag.[OS].[arch]`
  * For Windows 64-bit, this would be: `capture-the-flag.win.amd64.exe`
* Also download the game files called `game.zip`
* Create a new folder and move `game.zip` and the server binary into it
* Unzip `game.zip` in that directory
* Find the folder named `public` and make sure it is at the same level as the server binary
* Create the configuration file
* Run the server binary
* Navigate to your server's IP address

## Server Configuration
The server is configured with a file that can be in either JSON or YAML, which ever you prefer. To see an example of the configuration file, see [config.sample.yaml](/config.sample.yaml).

## Disclaimer
Please keep in mind that we are both juniors in high school which means that we won't be able to provide much support and game updates will come fairly infrequently.
